Improve checkpointing documentation (#6165)
broadinstitute/cromwell: docs/optimizations/CheckpointFiles.md

Available in Cromwell 55 and higher.

> This optimization aims to resolve the issue of your worker VM being preempted 9 hours and 55 minutes into the runtime of

Reviewer: Even more confidence!
```suggestion
This optimization addresses the issue of your worker VM being preempted 9 hours and 55 minutes into the runtime of
```

Reviewer 2: That extra confidence might be overpromising though. This addresses the issue in particular cases, and only if you can structure your task in the requisite way.

Author: How about if we said "provides a way to mitigate the problem of long-running tasks getting preempted partway through execution" ? Or something to that effect?

a 10 hour job and having no option but to re-run the entire computation again.

### Description

Specifying a `checkpointFile` value in a task's `runtime` section designates a checkpoint file which will periodically be
copied to cloud storage every 10 minutes. This checkpoint file will then be restored automatically on subsequent attempts if the job is interrupted.

To use this feature effectively, the WDL task must be written intentionally to use the checkpoint file. See example below. 

**Note:** Although the checkpoint file is deleted if the task succeeds, storage charges may accrue from (1) storing the checkpoint file during

> the running of the task, (2) aborting or otherwise stopping the task externally, and (3) transferring it between the VM and the cloud storage bucket. These

Reviewer 2: Interesting - I think (2) might be worth separating out as a subtly different case.

(1) and (3) are both incidental costs that will happen during normal operation. (2) is saying "and if you abort the task, the checkpoint file will never be cleared up automatically and you'll pay for its storage indefinitely"

Author: Oh yes that's a great point, will tweak

cost should be minor, especially balanced against the performance and cost benefits of being able to restore from the

> checkpoint when a worker VMs gets preempted.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
checkpoint when a worker VM gets preempted.   
```

### Effect on Call Caching

The presence or absence of the `checkpointFile` attribute is not considered when determining whether to call cache.  

### Example

> The following WDL demonstrates the use of the `checkpointFile` optimization. It has a command that is checkpoint-aware:

Reviewer 2: Counter-nit: IMO this sub-clause is adding more information about the already-specified "command" rather than requiring the sub-clause _in order to_ specify which of many "command"s is being talked about.

Author: Hah, well this is your queen's language so I may be out of my lane; "which" just looked wrong to me. I have whatever is the equivalent of synesthesia for grammar… 

(… but I still think it's a defining clause even if it's not required for comprehension)

Reviewer 2: 👍  I think "that" in this case is fine. Happy for you to leave this as you currently have it.
